
# January 2017 Meetup - Meeting Minutes

## General Discussion on Meetup Direction

There was discussion on format and potential content for the meetings. Below are the suggestions that were discussed:

*  Recording presentations for future viewing. 
*  Have format of each meeting to include the following:
  +  Tuesday Trivia (Trivia related to R)
  +  Package of the Month: Pick a package for each month to briefly discuss
  +  Share work in progress code: This is to encourage group members to be comfortable sharing *work in process code* for a problem they are trying to solve. 
* Try to get external speakers for some meetups
* Have the format to be more hands-on where people follow along and do stuff on the computer during the meetup

A few topics of interest for discussed for future meetups were:

* Github introduction
* Package management, moving stuff to CRAN
* Power BI/R
* Setup of Amazon AWS/Azure
* Setting up Shiny Server



